README.md, before:

# Awesome Awesome Prompts ✨

[![X Follow][x-image]][x-url]
[![PRs Welcome][pr-image]][pr-url]
[![License][license-image]][license-url]

An awesome list for collecting awesome lists related to prompt engineering.

### ChatGPT

- [Awesome ChatGPT Prompts](https://github.com/f/awesome-chatgpt-prompts) - A curated collection of interesting and creative prompts for ChatGPT models.
- [Awesome ChatGPT](https://github.com/humanloop/awesome-chatgpt) - Curated list of awesome tools, demos, docs for ChatGPT and GPT-3.
- [Awesome GPT-3](https://github.com/elyase/awesome-gpt3) - A collection of demos and articles about the OpenAI GPT-3 API.
- [ChatGPT3 Prompt Engineering](https://github.com/mattnigh/ChatGPT3-Free-Prompt-List) - A free guide for learning to create ChatGPT3 Prompts.
- [ChatGPT 中文调教指南](https://github.com/PlexPt/awesome-chatgpt-prompts-zh) - 一个收集了关于 ChatGPT 中文调教的指南和优秀的调教案例的资源列表。
- [Awesome-ChatGPT](https://github.com/runningcheese/Awesome-ChatGPT) - 一个由和 ChatGPT 相关的资源列表，收集了有关 ChatGPT 的替代品、平台和使用教程等。

### Prompt Engineering

- [Prompt Engineering Guide](https://github.com/dair-ai/Prompt-Engineering-Guide) - A comprehensive guide to prompt engineering, covering everything from choosing prompts to fine-tuning models.
- [Awesome Prompt Engineering](https://github.com/promptslab/Awesome-Prompt-Engineering) - A collection of resources related to prompt engineering, including guides, tools, and datasets.
- [awesome-cursorrules](https://github.com/PatrickJS/awesome-cursorrules) - A curated list of awesome .cursorrules files
- [Prompt 编写模式：如何将思维框架赋予机器](https://github.com/prompt-engineering/prompt-patterns) - 一份关于如何编写优秀的 prompt 的指南，包括一些常用的编写模式和技巧。
- [免费 Prompt Engineering 教程](https://github.com/thinkingjimmy/Learning-Prompt) - 一个免费的 Prompt Engineering 教程，提供从入门到高级的学习资料和案例分析。

### Other

- [Awesome Generative AI](https://github.com/steven2358/awesome-generative-ai) - A curated list of modern Generative Artificial Intelligence projects and services.
- [Awesome AIGC Tutorials](https://github.com/luban-agi/Awesome-AIGC-Tutorials) - Curated tutorials and resources for Large Language Models, AI Painting, and more.
- [Awesome AI-Powered Developer Tools](https://github.com/jamesmurdza/awesome-ai-devtools) - Curated list of AI-powered developer tools.
- [Open LLMs](https://github.com/eugeneyan/open-llms) - A list of open LLMs available for commercial use.

[x-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/follow-ihuanluo-black?logo=x
[pr-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg
[license-image]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/DukeLuo/awesome-awesome-prompts
[x-url]: https://twitter.com/ihuanluo
[pr-url]: https://github.com/DukeLuo/awesome-awesome-prompts/pulls
[license-url]: https://github.com/DukeLuo/awesome-awesome-prompts/blob/main/LICENSE

Commit message:

Add Awesome Vibe Coding to Other section
A curated list of vibe coding tools, platforms, and resources for building software through natural language prompts.

README.md, after:

# Awesome Awesome Prompts ✨

[![X Follow][x-image]][x-url]
[![PRs Welcome][pr-image]][pr-url]
[![License][license-image]][license-url]

An awesome list for collecting awesome lists related to prompt engineering.

### ChatGPT

- [Awesome ChatGPT Prompts](https://github.com/f/awesome-chatgpt-prompts) - A curated collection of interesting and creative prompts for ChatGPT models.
- [Awesome ChatGPT](https://github.com/humanloop/awesome-chatgpt) - Curated list of awesome tools, demos, docs for ChatGPT and GPT-3.
- [Awesome GPT-3](https://github.com/elyase/awesome-gpt3) - A collection of demos and articles about the OpenAI GPT-3 API.
- [ChatGPT3 Prompt Engineering](https://github.com/mattnigh/ChatGPT3-Free-Prompt-List) - A free guide for learning to create ChatGPT3 Prompts.
- [ChatGPT 中文调教指南](https://github.com/PlexPt/awesome-chatgpt-prompts-zh) - 一个收集了关于 ChatGPT 中文调教的指南和优秀的调教案例的资源列表。
- [Awesome-ChatGPT](https://github.com/runningcheese/Awesome-ChatGPT) - 一个由和 ChatGPT 相关的资源列表，收集了有关 ChatGPT 的替代品、平台和使用教程等。

### Prompt Engineering

- [Prompt Engineering Guide](https://github.com/dair-ai/Prompt-Engineering-Guide) - A comprehensive guide to prompt engineering, covering everything from choosing prompts to fine-tuning models.
- [Awesome Prompt Engineering](https://github.com/promptslab/Awesome-Prompt-Engineering) - A collection of resources related to prompt engineering, including guides, tools, and datasets.
- [awesome-cursorrules](https://github.com/PatrickJS/awesome-cursorrules) - A curated list of awesome .cursorrules files
- [Prompt 编写模式：如何将思维框架赋予机器](https://github.com/prompt-engineering/prompt-patterns) - 一份关于如何编写优秀的 prompt 的指南，包括一些常用的编写模式和技巧。
- [免费 Prompt Engineering 教程](https://github.com/thinkingjimmy/Learning-Prompt) - 一个免费的 Prompt Engineering 教程，提供从入门到高级的学习资料和案例分析。

### Other

- [Awesome Generative AI](https://github.com/steven2358/awesome-generative-ai) - A curated list of modern Generative Artificial Intelligence projects and services.
- [Awesome AIGC Tutorials](https://github.com/luban-agi/Awesome-AIGC-Tutorials) - Curated tutorials and resources for Large Language Models, AI Painting, and more.
- [Awesome AI-Powered Developer Tools](https://github.com/jamesmurdza/awesome-ai-devtools) - Curated list of AI-powered developer tools.
- [Open LLMs](https://github.com/eugeneyan/open-llms) - A list of open LLMs available for commercial use.
- [Awesome Vibe Coding](https://github.com/taskade/awesome-vibe-coding) - A curated list of vibe coding tools, platforms, and resources for building software through natural language prompts.

[x-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/follow-ihuanluo-black?logo=x
[pr-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg
[license-image]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/DukeLuo/awesome-awesome-prompts
[x-url]: https://twitter.com/ihuanluo
[pr-url]: https://github.com/DukeLuo/awesome-awesome-prompts/pulls
[license-url]: https://github.com/DukeLuo/awesome-awesome-prompts/blob/main/LICENSE
